Ripped. corrected and synched
by Fingersmaster. Enjoy!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hey. Hodges.
What d'you think about all
those hotshot jitterbugs. huh?
What about 'em?
You never pulled that shit. did you?
No way. man.
- Bullshit. huh?
- Yeah.
I don't understand Melindez.
I really don't.
John Wayne's Rexall Rangers...
pussies.
I got one year left.
Gimme a towel. And after that...
After that...
Excuse me.
I'm gonna go for another ten.
Who are you?
Rocky VI.
What'd you say
you did for a living?
I'm a guardian
of masculinity. man.
- Somebody smells good!
- Where does that put you?
- Where the fuck is my gun?
- Fuck.
We want a uniformed presence...
out in the street.
They're flying their colors...
we're flying ours.
I want them to know
who they're dealing with.
They got uzis.
They got shotguns.
They got explosives.
They got access to
any kind of weapon they want
within 24 hours.
We got over 50.000
gangbangers out there.
We're bleeding from open wounds.
We're just jamming you 24 in
to stop the flow.
We sound like a bunch of Tampax.
What?
You wanna tell me
what you were saying?
I said we sound like
a bunch of Tampax. sir.
Kid's cute.
Tampax goes someplace good.
- Give this guy to Hodges.
- What? What?
Beat it.
- Just light the damn sherm.
- Yes. yes.
- Light it up. dude.
- Yes. yes. yo.
- Sherm up the driver. cuz.
- Eat it up.
- Hey. man. shut the fuck up.
- Better?
- Chill out. motherfucker.
- Yo. Rocket.
Man. I'm high as a motherfucker.
Yo. Rocket. we're comin' in.
Hey. Blood!
Oh. God! No!
No! No!
Oh. God! No! No! No!
He can't die! He can't die!
No! He can't die!
No! Lord have mercy!
Lord have mercy!
No!
What'd you find out?
OK. the victim's name
is Robert Craig.
A little warlock.
house of Blood set.
Apparently. at least two blacks
drive by in a van.
say "Hey. Blood." Boom.
Shit.
She-- she saw it.
No!
Excuse me.
I ain't seen nothin'.
I'd like to ask you a few questions.
Nothin'!
Ma'am. if you saw this.
you can't...
Who can't?
Just get on out of my face.
What. are you gonna
just close your eyes
and close your ears every time
something like this happens?
There's a kid laying over here
on the ground dead. ma'am!
Let's go. let's go.
She has to live here.
No. please!
No! Oh. God. no!
No!
He can't die! He can't die!
D'you need anything?
Jeez. I don't know. Hodges.
Maybe some of your
valuable expertise.
Well. hey. I doubt that. You
guys are doin' such a fine job.
that's why they call us out here
at 2 o'clock in the morning.
Hey. why don't you flyin' CRASH
guys go take a flyin' fuck?
Hey. fuck you.
- Fuck you.
- Let's get in the car.
There's too many bodies
around here.
No! No! No!
He can't die! No!
Lord have mercy!
No!
The kid was a Blood.
Dealing. too.
Whether it was drugs or gang
related. I really don't know.
For now. let's hook and book.
Be inventive. Find some
probable cause.
Get both gangs off the street.
at least for a night or two.
Now. let 'em calm down.
See if they'll talk.
What I need is a shot of Demerol
and some clean sheets.
Any further questions?
- No. sir.
- All right. Let's rock 'n' roll.
Stand up straight.
Keep your fuckin' mouth shut.
Yo. wait. man.
Why the fuck you holdin' on us?
- Wait. wait.
- Shut up!
Don't get excited. man. Wait!
Yo. man. I'm just kickin' it here.
We ain't did nothin'!
Man. they rode on us.
The punk-ass motherfuckers!
Alright. keep movin'. Rocket.
And there they are. The Ville.
Crips. Crip de Ville.
Stone fuckin' killers.
They'll walk in your house.
blow you away.
sit down to eat...
Then leave.
That's right.
You get them off the street.
- Lady. we're trying.
- You need more help!
- So. what's up. Rocky-o?
- Yo. yo. yo. put it here.
- Hit that.
- Just chillin' and shit.
Get your hand outta my face. all right?
Hodges. you back. huh?
- What's up. homes?
- Hey. turn the music down. man.
Hey. fuck that!
That ain't my job.
You better watch your back. man.
Nice ride. man.
I didn't make it.
Why you sneakin' up
on us like that?
You wanna get back
on the sidewalk?
You're all buffed out. my man.
What. you've been to the joint?
Just County. man.
Missed you for a while.
You out on good time?
What's this?
Oh. this here's my
Hopalong Cassidy rag.
Get rid of it.
What fuckin' $5?
I don't owe you no $5.
Find a better class of friends.
You're in violation.
Hey. man. I live right
over there. I'm just passin' by.
- What's the matter with him?
- Who. Rocket?
- Don't he like it around here?
- Cuz is down for the hood. man.
Y'all got any dope today?
Not us. We just say no to drugs.
Well. you can get some
right over there.
Go get some. I'll be right back.
All right. man. Get some for us.
Yeah. you bet.
Hey. later on. Hodges.
Take care of yourself. homeboy.
Yeah. right on.
They ain't got nothin'. cuz.
Hodges has a new partner.
Fuckin' Melindez. man. I cannot
believe I'm back out here. Man!
I worked CRASH for five years.
I did my time.
Finally made it up to Juvie.
Right?
Home at night with the wife.
Get to help somebody
every once in a while...
Here I am. Same old shit.
He don't wanna see us.
Freeze.
Stop. asshole!
Fuckhead!
Don't move.
That's what you get
for messin' with the police.
Okay gangsters. put your hands
behind your head.
interlock your fingers. get down
on your knees. Let's go.
Cross your ankles. Don't move.
Drop it.
1-CRASH-32.
Requesting backup.
My partner's on foot
in an alley. northbound.
1200... South Main.
OK. you kids. get outta here.
Get lost.
Go home. These guys
are creeps. Go home!
Go on!
Bring him out here. McGavin.
Hey. homes. what d'you think
I'm gonna find
when I look under
that car. huh?
Huh?
You don't run from the
fastest white boy on two feet.
Oh. man. you smell good. homes.
What is that?
Eau de doo-dah-day?
I saw him toss it.
What the hell were you runnin' for?
Answer me. asshole.
Huh? Answer me.
What's your name?
- What's your name?
- Clarence Brown.
- Don't lie to me.
- How old are you?
- 18.
How old are you?
14.
What else do they call you?
What's your name on the street?
Give me another name.
- High Top.
- Why do they call you that?
You a second-story man.
High Top?
You go down on
basketball players?
What do you hang out
with this loser for?
You wanna wind up like him?
You do. don't you?
No.
- What's your heart beatin' for?
- I'm scared. man.
I thought you were runnin' a marathon.
Got it.
Stand up.
Let's see your tattoos.
Oh. man. homes.
It's fuckin' Gibraltar.
Look at the red.
This kid's a Blood.
- Let's see.
- What the hell?
Recognize this?
Cancel Christmas. You're dead.
- You on parole or probation?
- No.
Well. I got you on my file now.
If I ever catch you
around here again.
I'm gonna shove this up your ass.
How do you think that would feel?
Uncuff him.
You heard me.
I'm Hodges.
Ask around who I am.
- Alright?
- Yeah.
- You owe me one. OK?
- Got that?
- Yes. sir.
Say it.
- I owe you one.
- OK.
Get outta here.
Alright. This alley is hot.
It's no longer yours. it's mine.
If I catch you here again.
I'm gonna arrest you.
Be straight with me.
I'll be straight with you.
Now. all of you. get lost.
Let's go. Come on. Out!
- Come on. man. Let's go.
- Go on.
We'll catch this slob
round the corner.
- Right on. brother.
- I'm down for that.
I'll drive.
- What the fuck was that?
- What?
I made a righteous collar
back there. partner.
If I do something.
I expect you to back me up
and I hope you expect the same.
Oh. You don't even know
the neighborhood.
yet you wanna drag him in
for a pissy little rock
and spend the rest of the shift
doin' paperwork?
Is that what you call a plan?
You wanna hear a plan?
I got a plan.
- Yeah.
- We get him for rock.
then they get him
for somethin' else...
and when he does
something serious.
it's not a first
fuckin' offense!
A white female causing
disturbance at parking lot.
corner of 9th and Figueroa.
Shit.
OK. that's your plan.
All right. OK.
Now you wanna hear mine?
You're full of fuckin'
adrenaline. man. You know...
You're not in a black
and white anymore.
chasin' around
Mickey Mouse crimes.
Now. the plan as I see it
is to get to know these guys.
get them used to
talkin' with us.
so then when somethin' big
does come along...
You wanna listen or what?
What?
You wanna look at pussy or learn
about this job? Which is it?
You heard the one
about the two bulls?
Not yet.
Not yet. huh?
Well. these two bulls are
sittin' on a grassy knoll
overlookin' a herd
of Guernseys...
and the baby bull says
"Hey. Pop.
let's run down and fuck
one of those cows."
But the papa bull says
"No. Son.
"Let's walk down.
Fuck 'em all."
Unit 15. 10-20.
what is your location?
- When d'you get outta jail?
- What?
I could put a word in
with Parole.
- What's your name?
- Louisa.
Danny.
Hi. Danny.
So you get time off
for good behavior?
You ever go out with a cop?
You don't like cops. do you?
No.
- No what?
- No sale. Let's go.
Yeah. sure.
I will be back.
I really love...
your coffee. Louisa.
Bye.
- You're jealous.
- That's right.
See. but I got a wife at home
whom I love. and three kids.
- Yeah. that don't mean shit.
- That's why I'm jealous.
You don't wanna get laid. man.
It leads to kissin'. and pretty
soon you gotta talk to 'em.
White Fence are the
oldest gang in LA.
There's three or four
generations.
I don't know if you remember.
they were the ones
that threatened that
lady DA last year.
- What's up. homes?
- What's up?
- Nice ride. man.
- Hey Hodges. what's happenin'?
Not much.
You still smokin' that PCP?
Make you stupid. man.
Man. I don't fuck with juice.
This is weed.
Peewees smoke that
stupid shit. I don't.
You seen any...
gang members around?
Who. me? I ain't seen
any gang members.
You seen any gang members?
Check these vatos.
- 21st Street on our list?
- Nah.
Poor fuckers are
professional victims.
Get their ass kicked constantly.
Kind of a mixed gang.
See. you got Diamond Street
down there.
the Ville. and the projects
down on the west.
So they gotta fight their way in
and fight their way out.
- They're fucked. huh?
- They are fucked.
Jesus!
What're you gonna do? Stand in
the middle of the street
and wave your fist? Let's go.
Come on. Come on!
Hey. what you guys doin'?
Stay right where you are.
Drop and you're dead. buddy.
OK. All right. let's line up.
Come on. let's go.
Come on. Right up here.
Let's go.
Let's go. Come on.
All right.
What's the matter with you?
Put that fuckin' thing away!
Asshole.
Hey. get your hands
outta your pockets.
Put your hands behind your neck.
Come on. And you.
Are you guys stupid or what?
Throwin' rocks at our car...
This is my office.
What are you. crazy?
Go get your hands up.
Gimme your fingers. man.
Spread your legs. Wider.
Spread your fuckin' legs. homes.
Who threw the rock?
We can have it any way you want.
You wanna have an understanding?
Are we gonna have
some kind of rapport or what?
- What's that?
- Cigarettes.
You have any fuckin' primos
in there. do you. boy?
- Chale. homes.
- OK. get out.
What do you wanna have?
Mr. Hodges. still with that
rapport shit. huh?
Hey. How you doin'?
What's my little brother
doin' up in that tree?
- Thinks he's a monkey vato. eh?
- Stay up there.
You heard the man.
- Little brother?
- Simón.
What's your name.
little brother?
- Tell him your name. homes.
- Felipe.
- That's my partner. McGavin.
- What's your name. man?
Larry.
New partner.
OK. Larry. Get over there.
Larry Sylvester. Looney Tunes.
What's the matter
with the peewees. homes?
What?
Well. they threw a rock at my car. man.
My brand-new car.
Who threw the rock?
Who threw it?!
You're a stupid little fuck.
you know that?
No future in it. homie.
So you're back
in the jungles. homes?
Oh. this ain't the jungle.
This is Disneyland.
So how we gonna teach them?
I don't know. Hodges.
I don't know. man.
I don't know about this
younger generation. homes.
You come down. Felipe.
I'm gonna beat your ass.
Well. keep the homeboys
in line. all right?
Yes. sir.
Have a good day.
All right. homes.
I didn't mean to jump on
your case out there.
it's just you were blowin' my deal.
Our community have kids out there
who are dying over colors.
I mean. actually dying
over red or blue.
And what we need is your help.
We need you people to testify
when you see something
going on out there.
We're outnumbered.
we're outgunned.
we're tired. We need your help.
You mean the cops
don't have enough guns? Shit!
Hey. look. man. You wanna know why
they pull this shit? 'Cause I'll tell you.
'Cause there ain't no jobs out there!
Hell with 'em all! Throw all
the motherfuckers in jail. huh?
I know all about bein'
outgunned. all right?
I mean. I was in Vietnam.
Yeah! Yeah!
And it ain't about what
you got in your hand.
It's about what the people want.
That's what it is. man.
You're doggone right
that's what it is.
It's what it is. man.
It's what the people want.
Hey. man. just wait.
Let the man talk. all right?
I used to run with a gang.
all right? Now I work with 'em.
I just wanna make a point here.
all right?
The reality on the streets
is that
the dope dealer has
got the Mercedes-Benz...
the instant money and the women.
Now. these kids have eyes.
They see what's goin' on.
And that is their socialization.
It's the values
that they respect.
We don't educate 'em.
We don't give 'em jobs.
Look. man. Hell. we know
all that shit. man.
Why don't you do somethin'
about it. huh?
Look. what we need
is some damn protection.
Then you've got to get involved.
What the fuck d'you think
we're doin' here?
We're fed up!
We're sick of this shit!
The police are never gonna
get anywhere. man.
Shakin' people down.
shinin' their lights in our eyes.
Treatin' all of us like criminals
'cause of where we live!
And right in front of our kids!
Uh. sir. d'you know
where your kids are now?
- Fuck you!
- Fuck you. man!
You don't go botherin' me
about my kid.
Calm down! Please hold it down.
Let's come to order!
I want to thank Miss Loretta
Thomas and her choir...
greet the congregation and all
the rest of you who have chosen
to grace our church on this special day.
What makes this day so special?
"What is so special?" you ask.
Another black boy bites the dust
to which thou art returned.
I knew this boy.
this Robert Craig...
whose mama brought him up
as best she could.
It wasn't the lack of love
- that brought this boy down.
- Amen!
It was the scourge of drugs and gangs.
That's right.
And what makes
this day so special is.
we have now declared war
upon this plague!
Yeah!
Till we see that this scourge of
gang violence
is driven from our streets!
We've been bullied too long
by these sawed-off gangsters.
These gangbangers.
as they call themselves.
And now it is time
for decent folk...
for the people of God.
- to start bangin' back.
- Amen!
Are we afraid of these hoodlums?
No.
I said. are we afraid
of these terrorists?
No!
They hit. goddamn it!
We have a black and white
following suspect vehicle.
black Ford LTD.
Request air unit.
- Fuck!
- Shit!
Eastbound in alley between
113 and 114 from Wilmington.
Air units. come in
on southeast frequency.
Air 18. Go ahead.
Keep this motherfucker goin'!
Fuckin' asshole!
Get outta Dodge.
you motherfuckers!
Eat shit and die. motherfuckers!
Get these cops. Fuck 'em up!
Air 18. respond to shots fired.
That fuckin' bitch
can drive. man.
Air 18. Code six.
Have three suspects...
Assholes. Fuck. Crips. Bloods...
Oh. shit!
My wife. uh...
says she wants to meet you.
She says. uh...
- you can bring a date.
- Thanks.
Jesus Christ!
So we had Linda. you know.
She's 18 now. right?
And then Bobby said. "Well.
why don't we try for a boy?"
So I thought Tommie for sure
was gonna be our
last one. but...
these things happen!
Well. they better not.
Oh. no. You heard what he said?
Jumbo shrimp!
There's a contradiction.
- $14.95 a pound.
- Bobby...!
Hey. he's my partner.
What's money to two highly paid
professionals
of LA's best? Right?
- Right.
- Let me go help you.
Oh. no. no. no. honey. Sit down.
It's OK. I'll just come.
Later. dear.
Prick. Bastard.
You dog.
You better treat her right.
or her Mexican mama's
gonna chop it off.
- A fuckin' angel.
- I know.
Pretty fancy drivin'
the other day. McGavin.
I mean. we didn't
have to try and catch 'em.
Are you sayin' I wouldn't have?
Well. if I was you.
a year before pension...
a wife like that. a kid...
Three kids. That's bullshit.
D'you wanna get into this now?
I don't understand you.
I really don't.
You wanna psychoanalyze me?
Where'd you get your fuckin' hard-on?
Ask me if I loved my mother.
You know. I used
to get jacked up
'cause I thought I
needed that edge.
Well. maybe you don't.
maybe I do.
Maybe we're just different.
What I remember most
from that time
is nothing but regrets.
Let me tell you something. McGavin:
you can't prove anything
out on the streets.
It's fuckin' Bozoland.
What you do out there is a job.
You can try to be a professional...
that's the best you can fucking do.
Now in 19 years I've learned one thing.
If you try to fight
every jerk on the street.
you'll be one sad.
sorry son of a bitch
at the end of every day.
And you'll never last 20 years.
And God forbid
if you ever get married
and take it out on your wife.
She will walk.
She will fucking leave you.
So why make it worse
all the time?
- Is that one thing?
- Yeah. one thing.
It's all one thing.
First of all.
about the other day...
This has nothing to do with that.
- Shut up! Uh. do I get to talk?
- Talk.
I'm sorry about the car.
I fuckin' wiped out.
What can I say?
You want me to say
it's not gonna happen again?
I know what you're saying.
I know what you're trying to do.
but I didn't volunteer for CRASH
to play games
and be nice to these assholes.
Do you think you get respect?
They just laugh and
go fuck somebody up.
Well. I can't deal with that.
If you don't think you
can deal with me.
well. I understand that. too.
- Well?
- What?
- So tell me about him.
- Well. I will tell you later.
Gimme the baby. Louisa?
No. it's all right. I enjoy it.
How do you want me to
cook those shrimp?
Oh. butterfly 'em.
What's up?
Nothin'.
You OK?
Yeah.
Here I come!
Look at your brother there.
Look.
Now look what I got.
I got a killer animal.
Hey. homes.
You kiddin' me. homes?
Listen up. homes. Listen up.
That dude was fly. homes.
He so fly. he gone.
He made his own from
the curb. man. Over and out.
Boom! Yeah.
Hey. Larry.
- You can make it out too. man.
- How?
Maybe I'll go to Hollywood.
be Eddie Murphy.
Hey Frog. you think
America's ready
to love two niggers
at the same time?
Chale. homes.
You been talkin' to
Bird too long. eh?
Say what?
I say you been talkin'
to Bird too long.
He says there's
no future in it. homes.
Ain't no future but
what you make it. homes.
- Shit.
- Bangin' is shit!
Listen. homes!
Hey. see. man. that's just
the way the world is. ese.
There's always gonna
be gangs. man.
be fighting.
Always was and always is. man.
Nobody's gonna
fuckin' stop it. man.
That's just life.
You can stop it for yourselves.
Well. fuck you. man.
I don't wanna stop nothin'!
Hey. fuck you. you little
stupid fuckin' asshole.
Well. fuck you back. man!
Go tell your fairy tales
to somebody else.
What am I gonna do
with you guys. man?
What do you mean. homes?
What the fuck you mean.
what you gonna do. man?
Who the fuck sent you
anyway. homes?
- Hodges.
- Hodges?!
Yeah. he's worried
about you guys. man.
He thinks maybe
you're smart enough
to walk away from this bullshit.
But you're too stupid
to realize it.
What does Hodges know. man? Huh?
Fuck Hodges. man!
Where does Hodges
come from anyway. huh?
See. man. these are
my homeboys. vato.
See. our homie here
is all we have. man.
I love them...
They love me back. man.
Mi barrio es primero. man.
D'you want me
to walk away from this. man?
No way.
Fuck you. No way. man.
I banged.
- But there's more.
- Where. man?
Fuckin' show me. huh?
What's up?
What's goin' down. homes?
Get out of here. Felipe.
Shit. man.
Get the fuck away. homes.
That's your little
brother. man.
You can stop over there.
I had a nice time.
Thank you.
Hey.
- What?
- Look over here.
Where?
Closer.
What?
Lookin' pretty good.
I like you. too.
I didn't say that.
Tough guy. huh?
You know. everybody around here
is so tough that...
that doesn't get to me.
What does?
Be nice.
You wanna tell me what
you were thinking?
No. Uh... no!
OK. I'm gonna go then.
No. no. no. no. no.
I'll drive you down.
This is a bad area.
- I'll bring you down.
- Danny. I'm a homegirl.
This is my barrio. remember?
I'm safe.
Now they see me with you.
maybe I'm not.
Good night.
Come here.
She was that good. huh?
Yeah. The biggest tits
I ever saw.
This fuckin' paperwork!
Excuse me! Hello? Anyone know
where the valet parking is?
Hey. how do I look? I don't mean
relative to you. of course.
- Looks like they got a lemon.
- It looks like a Pac-Man.
Oh. yeah. gobble them
assholes up.
Hey. hey. ooh. Pac-Man.
That's my street name. homes.
Got a registration
for that thing?
- I'll registrate your ass.
- Take all you bluecoats to try.
Let's go. come on and get
some of this juicy booty.
Juicy booty!
Come on. Pac-Man.
We ain't goin' in that thing.
1-Mary-11. 1-Mary-11.
meet 1-Mary-10...
How'd you get involved?
Shit. Sheriff's got
the best intelligence. man.
We the ones called you in.
Yeah?
I noticed all those
gangbang assholes
drivin' fire extinguishers
off the docks.
I couldn't for the life of me
figure out why
they was so concerned about
puttin' out a fuckin' fire.
So I'm down here checkin'
out the fire extinguishers.
and it goes off in my hands.
They put the coke
in the holes. you know?
So the evidence gets destroyed.
I nearly froze
my fuckin' balls off.
35-Charlie-22.
212 Collins Street.
2-1-2 Collins Street.
The fire extinguisher's
made in Taiwan.
comes in from Colombia
on a Panama boat.
11-George.
are you ready?
11-Georgia. So. Big Bird.
let's do it to it!
Police officers! We have a
search warrant. Open up!
Freeze! Stand the fuck up!
Turn around! Keep your
fuckin' hands up!
Stand the fuck up! Turn around!
Get your fuckin' hands
up in the air!
Put 'em behind
your fuckin' head!
Put 'em behind your head!
Fuck! Don't move!
OK. we're inside.
What have you got?
I don't know. Check back there.
He's got a gauge.
Doin' some duck huntin'.
asshole?
I didn't get his lower half yet.
I'll get it.
- Got a loose one.
- Look out!
Cuff this fuckin' gorilla.
All right. get him
on his goddamn feet.
Now! C'mon!
Help me lift him.
Air 11. code 4.
Suspect in custody.
Code 4. suspect in custody.
Code 4.
code 4.
Hey. now. Oso.
Oso means "bear"
in Spanish. huh. Oso?
Simón.
Well. ain't this
a fuckin' bear. Oso?
You know what I
want from you. man?
Five names.
You ain't shit. We'll fuck you.
Send you to county jail.
Or you give us five names.
stand back of court. and walk.
Is that understood?
We ain't talkin' no DA deal now.
I don't know anybody. officer.
Search warrant.
Resistin' arrest.
You wanna go for more?
You're messin' with a sheriff now.
If I talk?
Gun clean. you walk.
right here. right now.
Fuck it. Carson Sheriff.
you got Chango. Mosca and Trian.
That's good.
I know those assholes
as well as I know my own.
Now. who take it to the city?
For my friends here.
Who take the coke out the hose?
Who is Smokey the Bear?
A cat named Winky and High Top.
- High Top?
- I'm not lyin'. man.
I don't owe them pinche myates
a fuckin' thing!
Let's go. Come on.
You been a good bear. Oso.
You can go hibernate
for a while.
High Top.
I fuckin' had the motherfucker.
Had what? What did we have?
A piece of rock. Big deal.
Did we know he was tied in here?
Oh. hey. what?
Uncle Bob make a mistake?
You wanna go and
second-guess me?
No. I wanna go and bust him.
So what are you gonna do.
pull a fire extinguisher
out of his ass?
Well. I'll plant one there
if I have to...
and then you can pull it out
so you don't have to be
dickin' around in the car
all the time.
Oh. shit!
Get your hands up. punk!
Get your fuckin' hands...
Fuckin' spit it out. Spit
it out. goddammit asshole!
Spit it out!
You're gonna fuckin' die. You
wanna fuckin' die? Spit it out!
You wanna fuckin' die?
Spit it out!
Face the wall. get down on your knees.
On your knees!
Spit it out! Spit it out!
You're gonna fuckin' die.
- Spit it out!
- That's enough. McGavin.
That's enough. McGavin. Enough!
My partner doesn't fuckin' care
if you die either.
Fuckin' stand up. Stand up!
Keep your hands behind your head.
Get down!
Your homeboy here is
gonna fuckin' die. OK?
He's gonna start turnin' blue
and dyin' and shit.
Maybe if somebody gives a fuck.
they'll bring him
to the fuckin' hospital.
Don't fuckin' dance on me. OK?
Enough. McGavin!
That's enough. hotshot.
Hold on. Hold on. Hold on.
Hold on. Come here. Hey.
What are you doin' here. Picasso?
Crossin' out the names of your friends?
Not gonna like that. are they?
Put your hands on your head.
You at war with these guys now?
Well. they're not gonna
like that one bit. my friend.
I'll tell you what.
Turn around. White Fence.
Why don't you graffiti
on this mural?
Why don't you do that? Huh?
'Cause they'll kill
your fuckin' ass
and you know that. right. homes?
Now. if I were you. I'd get out
of this neighborhood right away.
Hey.
This is a misdemeanor.
We could take you
to jail for this.
But I got a little plan. maybe
we can work somethin' out.
You ever heard of
Earl Scheib. homes?
That's enough of that shit!
What should I have done?
Put masking tape on his ears?
Go on. get outta here.
Fuck you. Pac-Man!
- Here's your lemonade.
- Thank you. darlin'.
So. like I was sayin'. man.
everything's goin' all right.
You're doin' a good job.
You down for your crime.
you know what I'm sayin'?
So don't worry
about nothin'. man.
Everything's gonna be all right.
You know what I'm sayin'?
Yes.
Pac-Man!
Stand up.
I said stand up!
Get your hands behind your head.
Where your friends goin'.
dealer man?
You're usin' ten-year-olds
to carry your dope now?
What's this?
You a brain surgeon?
Dr. Feelgood?
Look at this shit.
- Where'd you get this. T?
- My auntie.
Say. man. I'm just
kickin' it here. man.
I'm just chillin' out. man.
What Pac-Man on me for?
Keep your hands behind your head
and turn around.
Who do you call when that
new beeper of yours goes off?
Who's the nice man
who calls you?
Huh?
Who's your connection? High Top?
What are you lookin' at. huh?
Don't you ever gimme
no hard looks. cuz!
- Come on.
- Hey!
Just for that.
you're goin' to jail. homes.
Goin' to jail?!
But I ain't did nothin'.
Except become a
professional asshole.
Man. these handcuffs is too tight!
Yeah. well. they're not
built for comfort. pal.
Listen. man. you ain't
got nothin' on me!
I got handcuffs on you.
Say. man. you ain't got
to grab my hair!
Say man...
Ah. shit! Man.
you ain't got shit on me!
- Shut up!
- Yeah. alright.
Soon I'll be out
of this motherfucker. man!
All that old punk shit you doin'.
that ain't nothin'!
That ain't shit!
Say. man.
a fuckin' parole violation?
Man. I'll be out of this motherfucker
in six months. man.
Shut up.
Say man these handcuffs
are too tight. man.
Hey. hey. Want me to do a little
tap dance on your head? Shut up.
This fuckin' guy...
- What's the matter?
- I'm too old for your shit.
Yeah. well. I'm not gonna
argue with that.
Oh. yeah?
You think you can handle me?
You think I'm over the hill?
You want a fuckin' piece of me?!
Right now. huh?
You think you got
the market cornered?
You think I'm not fuckin' crazy?
Go ahead. Try me.
Try me. you fuck.
What are you talkin' about?
That's what I thought.
Hey. Hodges.
Uncle Bob. I don't have
any problem with you.
Oh. no?
You got problems with the whole
fuckin' world. and I'm in it.
And I don't like it.
Why don't you just chill
out a little bit
and figure out which
side you're on?
I would if I could.
But you're just like them.
Pac-Man.
Nothin' but a gangster.
Now. you've been to my house.
that's where I live.
Any time. Any fuckin' time!
You better bring your lunch.
Excuse me. is Señorita Louisa
Gomez inside la casa?
Hey. Pac-Man.
Nice ride. ese.
Check it out. eh?
What do you say. me and you.
let's go for a little cruise?
What you looking for in
your fancy car. homes?
You on duty?
Why don't you guys find
another party?
- The fuck are you doing here?
- Leaving. right?
Do a ghost. Pac-Man.
You don't fuckin' belong
around here. homes.
Yeah. puto.
Come back sometime
on duty. homes
We'll smile and play nice. okay?
Pac-Man.
Where you eh. puto?
Hey. Pac-Man.
You brought your gun. Pac-Man?
Good. you're gonna need it.
Don't leave home without it.
Hey!
This new. ese?
Get away from the car.
Hey. man. shit.
You ever heard of Earl Schieb?
Huh. vato?
Yeah. with a fee. vato.
Hey.
Hey. hey. he's with me. Come on!
- What's goin' on. homeboy?
- Hey. homes.
Go home. motherfucker.
You come in our neighborhood.
you fuck our women.
Fuck you. puto.
Get in the car!
Who the fuck you think you are?
Let me tell you something.
Danny.
Those guys may be fucked
up. but they have each other.
And what do you have
that's better. huh?
Tell me.
Why do you have to make
everything so impossible? Fuck.
- I could love you. Danny.
- I do love you.
What is it that you want?
- You want a family. I--
- I love you.
Is this how you want to live?
Oh. Danny.
What's up?
What can I do for you?
Thanks for comin' by.
Look. I called you
because. uh. Felipe's got...
Felipe got all fucked up
on PCP. homes.
He got whacked on that juice.
But he's straight. homes.
He goes to school.
Now they got him
on this gang file shit
and he ain't banging. homes.
He ain't in no gang.
Barrio don't need him. homes.
Hodges. I'm telling
you this. man.
You gotta get him off the
computer file. homes.
Well. he's gonna have
to go to Juvie Hall anyway.
Might do him some good.
Scare him a little.
Ah. he's scared. He's scared
of what I'm gonna do. homes.
Listen. just get him out
of the gang file. man.
You'll fuck up his life
sure as I live. homes.
I'll talk to him.
I'll talk to him. OK?
Orale! I know
the routine. homes.
I owe you one.
You know. that's what makes
this country great. homes.
- What's that?
- Credit.
You got your Visa card.
I got you. homes.
Thanks. homes.
- Hey. Frog.
- Yeah.
- 21st Street. right?
- Simón.
Leo Lopez. Homeboy.
you just saved me a trip.
I got a warrant out for you.
Hey. homes. I'm a visitor. man.
- Now you're a guest.
- I'm a fucking visitor.
- Turn around.
- Come on.
Assume the position. man!
What'd he do. man?
This clown's got
15 outstanding tickets.
Hey. homes.
I was gonna pay those.
Yeah. well.
you're a little late. partner.
Want me to raise your bail. man?
Nah. I got more time than money.
Hey. ese. where you from?
C'mon. honey. let's just
get out of here.
- What?
- Orale.
You heard my homie. ese.
He said where you from. puto.
Hey. look. I don't play
that shit. alright?
- Fuck you.
Hey. fuck you.
Look. why don't you...
Dreamer.
Let's go.
Good morning. officer.
Hey!
Watch it!
High Top!
Hey!
Hey. High Top!
Everybody down! Everybody down!
Release the woman. motherfucker!
- Let's go.
- No.
God! Please.
Release the woman!
Give it up. asshole!
Please!
Release the woman. motherfucker.
or I'll fuckin' shoot!
I don't think you'll like this one.
Motherfucker!
Let me see your
fuckin' face. asshole!
You're under arrest.
You have the right to remain silent.
If you give up the right to remain silent.
anything you say can and will be
used against you in a court of law.
You have the right to
speak to an attorney
and have one present
during questioning.
If you so desire and
cannot afford one.
an attorney will be appointed
for you at no cost.
Hey. Bob!
That was hot shit. cowboy.
Thank you. man. Thank you.
For an old man.
Well. every dog has his day.
It was my own fault. right?
I mean. I was the asshole
that let him go to begin with.
Hey. wait a minute.
I wanna apologize.
- For what?
- For a whole lotta shit.
Go see a priest.
say an act of contrition.
a couple of Hail Marys. I mean.
I'm not the guy for that.
Hey. you know. if you cut me
half as much slack
as you do the rest
of those assholes.
I might just owe you one.
I have.
You do.
Listen. I spoke to
Melindez at DSD. OK?
I'll be gettin' a new partner
first of the month.
You ever have a bad relationship
with a woman
where you fight all the time.
like. you know. constantly?
Even when you love 'em?
It's like havin' two heads.
One says "red".
the other's sure to say "green".
Well. once you had one
that wasn't like that.
you never go back again.
If you see it's like that.
you leave it.
You don't point a finger
and blame someone.
You just go your separate ways.
OK?
That's it.
Yeah. well.
the apology still goes.
That's your ass. High Top!
Bloods don't deal
with Crip dealers.
You Crip! You fuckin'...
Fuckin' Crip.
Hey. Crip!
We're Bloods. motherfucker!
I want a doctor.
Why'd they do you. High Top?
Hmm?
You sellin' bad shit
in the street?
You been hangin' around
those Crips too much. man.
I wanna talk to my lawyer.
Lawyer's not gonna
help you. man.
Give it up. Tell me
somethin' that I don't know.
Shit. Even his homeboys
can't deal with him.
Get his ass outta here. man.
- Get him put in his cell.
- Hold it!
Wanna get out of
the gang module. huh?
Wanna get back in
general population?
You don't... well.
you're one dead motherfucker.
Tell me somethin' I don't know.
You may beat the rap.
but there's all kinds
of justice in this world.
I don't know what you know.
Give me somethin' tasty.
Some of that
nasty cheese of yours. hmm?
It's a cold world. Blood.
No mercy.
Ain't that what
you write on the walls?
Who got Robert Craig?
Rocket. It was Rocket.
- Will you just come out--
- No!
- Why?
- You OK?
Yeah. I'm fine.
What do you want?
Nothing. Just...
go away.
This is stupid.
It stinks back here.
No kidding? Well. thank you.
Will you just tell me
what I did?
They hate you. McGavin.
McGavin? Oh.
You see that badge?
I wear it. That's my job.
That's what I do.
So what do you want?
The other day
you caught this boy
and put paint all over his face?
Well. he's my cousin.
Oh. that's funny?
I didn't know you had
such a big family.
I'm sorry. OK?
I'm sorry.
You know what he was doin'?
He was crossing out the names
of East LA gang members
on the wall.
You know what that means
when they do that?
It means they're
gonna kill someone.
So I'm sorry if I sprayed
the kid's face.
Maybe I saved his life that way.
- But I swear...
- I don't care!
That's mean. Danny.
You're sadistic.
I am not with you.
I am with them. Danny.
I'm a homegirl.
Did they threaten you?
No.
No one knows I saw you.
It's you who threaten me. Danny.
You have a mean heart.
Hollenbeck units.
Vehicle used in a 187.
Dark-blue van. License
1-Frank-9-2-6-David.
- That's Rocket's van. man.
- Well. here we go.
1-CRASH-32.
we're southbound
on Huntington Boulevard.
responding to a 187 van.
At the liquor store.
you go past it. turn right.
I have my light
on a dark-blue van
behind the liquor store.
Driver. put both hands
out the window.
Both hands!
Keep your right hand
out the window.
Take your left hand...
cross it over your body
and take the keys
out of the ignition.
I wanna see the keys
in your hand.
Air Two.
I have two units.
code six. on the suspect.
Now. with one hand.
open the right-hand door.
I want it all the way open.
Same hand. open the other door.
Now get your hand back up.
Air Two. We have
two suspects. Male. black.
Passenger...
slowly climb over
the driver's side.
Exit with your hands in the air.
Put your hands in sight
above your head.
Face forward.
Hey. RJ. these guys
look pretty scary.
You feelin' like a hero?
Cuff 'em up.
This is the van that
ol' Rocket was driving
when he shot up Robert Craig.
- Read 'em their rights.
- What for?
All right.
keep your head still.
OK. move 'em over. That's it.
What you got? Nice and easy now.
- See my flashlight?
- Tell me what you got.
- OK. what do we got here?
- Don't want no surprises.
Don't worry. son.
They got no diseases.
Air Two. Code four.
Suspects in custody.
How long have you known Rocket?
A year? Ten years?
- About one year. I guess.
- About one year. you guess.
Where does his lady live?
I don't know.
Hey. don't pull
my fuckin' dick. stupid.
I don't. I don't know
where she lives.
OK. look. Somebody
wants to kill Rocket. let's say.
And old fat Willie's gotta let
him know. be a hero to him.
Now. how do you find him?
I don't know.
Oh. man. homes.
We can do this all fuckin' night.
What is Rocket's girlfriend's name?
I don't know his girlfriend's name.
Hey. look.
You're not talkin' to some fool now.
We're talkin' about your freedom.
You don't know her.
What's her girlfriend's name?
- What girlfriend?
- Any one. Pick one.
Don't tell me you don't know
the little bitches' names in the hood.
Big strong boy like you.
What's the name of some of
Rocket's girlfriend's friends?
Annie.
Annie what?
I don't know.
180. 65. Come to the front desk.
Who else? Don't be
pullin' my fuckin' dick. now.
I'll front you in front
of the homeboys. I will.
I'll just go out there with 'ya.
give you $50.
say "Thanks for
the information. homes."
I'll do it. I've done it before.
Alright. Cheryl Williams.
Okay. I'll be right back. You
keep your fuckin' mouth shut.
Annie. Cheryl Williams.
Phone call at the front desk.
1-David-12. you have a
phone call at the front desk.
How did he get your van?
We know that he used
your van. Lewis.
Now. if you don't wanna
get in trouble...
just tell me how Rocket got it.
I lent it to my brother.
And?
Rocket took it from him
at a party.
He just took the van?
My brother was afraid.
He's more afraid
of Rocket than of you?
Detective McShaney
has a call in the front office.
Just so we understand ourselves.
We don't want you. man.
We want him.
But they used your van
in a drive-by...
so we're gonna book you
unless you help us out.
Relax. man.
I'm not laughin' at you.
You know what
fat Willie just told me?
What?
You know that foxy little chick
that hangs out with
Cheryl Williams and Annie?
I don't think so.
Yeah. yeah. you know who I mean.
The sexy little thing.
This is wild.
Shit. uh...
Lewis. what the fuck
is the name of that girl?
- Sharon?
- Right!
Oh. yeah.
Right. Sharon. uh...
I don't know.
Robbins?
Robbins. Right.
- Rocket's lady.
- Right. man!
Right.
Police! Open up.
- I don't think they heard us.
- Fuck 'em. Let's go.
Talk about gettin' off.
We are going in.
Be careful and be quiet.
Yes!
Freeze!
That's not-- That's not Rocket.
That's not Rocket.
Holy fuck! Stop that shit!
Hey. come on!
Killer-Bee.
Why'd you move. man? Why?
Just reachin'...
for my pants. man.
Yeah.
Just lie still. Don't move. OK?
Hang in there. I'll get you
an ambulance. OK?
Somebody get an ambulance!
Hang in there.
Motherfucker. you!
Pac-Man. motherfucker. you!
We're gonna get you.
motherfucker!
We can get Pac-Man.
- Yeah. you get Pac-Man.
- We gonna let Rocket know.
Sure enough. momma.
We tell Rocket.
Yo. Rocket. man!
Check out this uzi.
Definitely tighten up
Pac-Man's shit. homeboy.
T-Bone.
What. you gonna shoot me?
Get outta here. you punk.
- I'm not gonna shoot you.
- Come on.
- Everything's cool.
- You gonna shoot me?
Everything's cool. now.
Hey. come on. Let's go.
Fuck that. man!
Fuck that! Get off me. man!
Gimme my rabbit. man.
Calm down.
Calm down. T-Bone.
Tell him to gimme my rabbit. man.
Punk! What's the matter.
you couldn't get none at home. man?
Get off me. man!
- There's your rabbit. T-Bone.
- Yeah. yeah.
There's your rabbit.
I stuck my T-bones in your hinds!
- In the hinds. baby.
- Get up. T-Bone.
You don't have to stick my face in it.
Give me my rabbit. man!
You'll get your rabbit.
Got your rabbit.
- Give it!
- Here's your rabbit. Come on.
You're tryin' to take
T-Bone away. baby.
I want another one.
You can't take T-Bone away. man.
You can't take the T!
Here. boy. come on now. Come on.
The rabbit's gonna be right
with us here. Come on.
Here's your rabbit.
Here he is. alright?
See that?
That's the part that's next.
Hey. man. Wherever I go.
I represent the set. man.
I am the set.
Kickin' back. illin' with
the homeboys. man.
You know. doin' that crazy shit.
- Right on. T-Bone.
- I love that crazy shit.
Man. be out there.
crashin' motherfuckers
on the floor. Bam. man!
Bust 'em in the head.
stab 'em. whatever.
- You know what I'm sayin'?
- Robbin' houses. beatin' up on fools.
- You know that. You know that.
- Blastin' my enemies.
Go partyin' afterwards.
That's it. man. you know.
Yo. bust this. man.
I go to this freak house. man.
with cuz. I left cuz there.
Man. I come back.
the boy's sleepin' on the floor. man.
Like The Little Rascals.
Word. man.
Boy's sleepin' on the floor.
You know Rocket's hidin' out. man.
Cops killed the Killer-Bee. man.
Shot that boy down. man!
He's pumpin' his fuel
into Rocket's lady.
The cops came in. bang. bang!
Pumped so much lead in that boy.
turned him into a pencil. man.
Left him on the floor curled up
like a baby with a big dick. man.
- That's cold. man.
- Word. that's the Pac-Man.
That motherfucker Pac-Man.
we gonna put the bite
on his ass. man.
Yo. man. go get me
some cigarettes.
And a girlie magazine.
Hurry up. man.
Hey. come on. Frog.
Are you playin' or what?
What about the woman.
Officer Baines?
Was she in the line of fire?
Not to my knowledge.
She wasn't hit.
Your knowledge of
our shooting policy
is the question here.
Officer Baines...
because your judgment
is certainly suspect.
You killed a man. mister...
for reachin' for his pants.
Sir. I thought my life
and the lives of my fellow
officers were in danger.
He appeared to be
going for a weapon.
I do understand that.
Officer Baines.
But what I can't figure out...
is why you didn't take more time
to find out
who was really in that room.
Sir. we thought the 187
murder suspect was in the room.
That's why we were there.
You thought wrong.
Officer Baines.
Man. this is crazy.
They think he shot him.
- It wasn't you. was it?
- No. sir.
What difference does it make?
If they think he did. he did it.
They're not gonna shoot a cop.
- Who told you this?
- I'd rather not say.
I'm not asking you to testify.
I'm not gonna give up your source.
Leo Lopez. Call him Frog.
He's up in County
on a traffic warrant.
He owed me one. OK?
Look. I believe him.
I'm sick of these dumb assholes.
Call Metro. Put the clamps on
until we get 'em to call it off.
- Melindez. you wanna set it up?
- Yeah. Sure.
What we gonna do with him?
Excuse me. sir.
If you wanna take me off
the street. that's your option.
But I don't think we should
let these gangbangers
dictate the way we operate.
I'll be OK.
What do you think?
I'll call Metro
when I get upstairs.
In the meantime. kick back.
Relax. tú sabes?
And be careful.
Yes. sir. Thank you.
I'm back after lunch.
Fuck it. man! They're still
out there. dude. everywhere!
Askin' about the hit on Pac-Man.
- Say what?
- No shit.
Who said?
I was out there. man!
I saw 'em rollin' down the street!
Bullshit. shit!
- Y'all been talkin'?
- Hell. no!
- Is everybody here?
- No.
T-Bone. cuz. Up in County. man.
Word.
Alright. Y'all find out
who that nigger with.
T-Bone say Frog from 21st Street.
- Let's bust a cap in his ass.
- Get his hide.
We down.
Your brother paid. man.
I got him a job. remember?
Shit!
Well. he shouldn't have paid. homes.
It's his money. man.
I know. but he shouldn't have paid.
Went up to Miss Mousie's door.
Shut up. man!
Gonna get a job and pay
your little brother back now
or what?
I don't know. homes.
Oh. man.
He's into Miss Mousie now. man.
You're gonna have to get
some pussy. you know?
You been in the slammer too long. eh?
All right!
Party tonight. man. Party!
Come on. homie. Show us how!
This is so strong. man.
You wanna have some of this shit
and get high.
then we'll bust some hoes.
Yeah. back in a bit.
Shit.
Good shit. huh?
I feel sorry for the bitch
I'll take home tonight. ese.
All units
in the area. shots fired.
1070 Hicks. Ganahl and Hicks.
Roger. 1-CRASH-32. there in one.
Air 12. CRASH-1-32.
We have our light on you.
Are responding to shots
fired. Ganahl and Hicks.
One of you back me up. will you?
I'm goin' with Hodges.
I'm OK. How you doin' tonight?
Bet we got victims up there now.
This place looks all shot up.
Turn the music off.
Sit him down.
- Did anybody get hit?
- No.
- Anyone hurt?
What's with your homeboy.
Spanky?
Too many cervezas. homes.
Go sit over here. man.
What are you on. man?
- Been smokin' some super kools?
- Go sit over there.
See my finger? Follow my finger.
This guy's dusted.
Don't sneak up on me
like that. man.
Come on. Come on out.
Take a seat over here.
What?
What's the matter with you.
Pac-Man?
Huh?
What's the matter with you.
man? Hey.
- Hey. Pac-Man!
- Hey.
Hey. Pac-Man! Hey. man.
Fuck you. I know him.
Just relax. Relax. relax.
She's gone.
I was watchin' TV...
- What's your name?
- Mary Castillo.
Castillo?
You think you know
who I am. Danny? Huh? Do you?
Fuck. man. All you see
is what you want.
and you only
want things one way.
Look at me. Danny!
- Look at me!
- Go back up Dennis.
Look at me. Pac-Man!
This is me too. man!
Why?
Why? Why?
- Oh. God!
- She's gone.
Why? Why?
I don't know why. man.
Did you see how many people
were in the car?
I didn't see anything.
Why?
I saw who it was. man.
It was Rocket.
Dog-Man and Shooter.
- Rocket?
- Fuck the Crips. eh?
They die.
I want in.
Won't take this shit no more.
Es mi barrio.
I want in.
Get off the
fuckin' porch. homes.
So you wanna jump
the little fucker in. huh?
I don't think he's
tough enough. homes.
I don't think he's got
enough heart. man.
That's two fights. homes.
All right.
All right!
There's no turning back now.
homes.
You fucked up. homes.
You joined the gang.
Es mi barrio. homes.
Mi barrio.
You did good. homes.
You all right?
Good.
Way to go. homie!
Bang. 2-1. homes.
OK. loosen up!
All right. I want all
CRASH units on full alert.
Wear your vests.
Use every precaution.
Arrest 'em on sight.
These streets'll be quiet soon.
There'll be nobody
to bust out there.
All right. let's go to work!
Buy me a vest.
All right. homes.
just as we planned.
Stupid fucks.
Grenades!
Fuckin' Looney Tunes. eh?
He's fuckin' Rambo. ese.
Rambo didn't die. homes.
Fuck that. man.
Cos I'm a fuckin' Rambo. homes!
See. I go. man.
I'll go just like Larry.
Fuck! Fucking vato
psycho loco. homes.
When I die. homes.
I wanna go just like that. man.
Die?
You ain't never
gonna die. homes.
Come here.
When I die. homes...
I'm gonna die like that.
Con mi ruca. homes.
Relax. homie.
You did good.
Te aventaste. homes.
You got big balls.
little brother.
Police!
What do you want. eh?
Everybody stand up! Put your
hands on top of your head!
- Get your hands up now!
- Drop that shotgun!
Air Two.
I have 20 suspects
with automatic rifles.
shotguns and handguns.
I repeat. This is Air Two.
I have 20 suspects...
with automatic rifles.
shotguns and handguns.
Put your hands behind your head!
Get down on your knees!
Down on your knees.
Down on your knees!
Been lookin' for you. Frog.
Are we gonna have
a rapport. Hodges?
Who'd you tell. homes?
- Who'd you tell. homes?
- Nobody.
You're a fuckin' liar.
I go and do a favor
for your lousy partner.
Get that cigarette
out of your mouth. Get up!
- This guy's got a gun. man.
- Gimme another set of cuffs.
Get down. Get down! Get down.
- Hey. turn the fuck around.
- No future in it. vato!
Oh. shit!
Air Two
requesting four additional units
for shots fired.
Oh. God. Oh.
Officer down!
- Call an RA unit!
- Officer requesting backup.
Four units. 20 suspects. Armed.
Jesus fucking Christ. man!
It's OK.
It's just...
I can't feel my legs.
OK. It's OK.
I just-- I just wanna
lay here for a minute.
- Stay calm. Stay calm.
- Just call my wife.
OK. Somebody get an ambulance!
Have somebody call my wife
and tell her to come get me.
Go get my w... Get my wife.
OK. I just wanna
rest my head a minute.
I gotta catch my breath.
I'm gonna catch my breath.
- OK.
Gonna catch my breath.
Catch my breath.
OK. Now. after
just a little rest I...
I'll be ready to roll
in a minute.
- My wife...
- Stay calm. Stay calm.
OK.
Gotta catch my breath.
Breathe. Breathe.
Breathe. Breathe. Breathe.
Let me catch my breath.
Where's my wife?
OK. I'll be ready to roll
in a minute. OK.
It's all right. Call my wife.
- Catch my breath.
- Breathe. Breathe.
Breathe.
Bob. breathe. Breathe!
Air Two.
We have a possible 187.
So you know. I keep my backup
on my inside left ankle.
If we ever get into
any hostage situation.
I call you by my name...
- Hey. hey...
- you drop the...
you ain't even got to worry
about no hostage situation. partner...
cos now. see. you got yourself
a bad. black. kick-ass.
rock-and-roll type cop
for a sidekick.
What's this. man?
Looks like we got us a deal.
They toss it?
You're all fired up. man.
Let me tell you somethin'
about workin' the ghetto.
Hey. hey. I grew up in this
goddamn neighborhood. okay?
I don't need no lecture
from no white cop
about how to get on down here.
Hey. c'mon man.
what you gettin' all moody for?
All I'm sayin's that
I grew up 'round here.
I know what the fuck
I'm doin'. alright?
Just shut up. all right? Listen.
These two. uh. bulls...
and they're standin' on top of a mountain.
And. uh...
they're lookin' down at a bunch of cows.
And then. uh. the older one
says to the younger one...
No! The younger one...
The younger one says...
"Hey. Pop."
"What do you say we run down
and fuck one of them cows?"
And. uh...
And then the older one says
"No. son."
"Let's walk down
and fuck 'em all."
-- English --
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org